Hahahaha
Doctor, your parents saved lives
And you bully the soft and fear the hard for the tiger to make prosperity
You deserve to be an associate dean
Do you deserve to be a doctor?
Where did the little rascal dare to preach to me?
The security quickly kicked them both out for me
Wait, I like to chat with them
You look helpless.
kid
You're so arrogant!
Remember Lin Yuling'er, he didn't have to die
He died because of you
In the system universal store
There's no cure for a heart attack.
Super myocardial infarction pills
Just buy 100 million Muse Fund
Just ignore me.
Daughter, don't kneel down to this beast
Hospitals can't cure it
I'll take care of it
What? I heard you right.
Who do you think you are?
Heart infarction patient not dieting surgery
It wouldn't last an hour
Boy, even if you're a doctor, it's too late
Is it true that you can cure it?
Why should I lie to you?
Others don't mean I can't cure Chen Tianze
You see?
Do you think some broken pill can cure it?
If he wakes up, I'll kneel down for you
Then you wait to kneel